Blazor Hybrid Security topic (#25555)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/hybrid/security/index.md

## Untrusted and unencoded content

Avoid allowing an app render untrusted and unencoded content from a database or other resource, such as user-provided comments, in its rendered UI. Permitting untrusted, unencoded content to render can cause malicious code to execute.

## External content rendered in an `iframe`

When using an [`iframe`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) to display external content within a Blazor Hybrid page, we recommend that users leverage sandboxing features to ensure that the content is isolated from the parent page containing the app. In the following example, the [`sandbox` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) is present for the `<iframe>` tag to apply [sandboxing features](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) to the `foo.html` page:

```html
<iframe sandbox src="https://contoso.com/foo.html" />
```

> [!WARNING]
> The [`sandbox` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) is ***not*** supported in early browser versions. For more information, see [Can I use: `sandbox`](https://caniuse.com/?search=sandbox).

## Links to external URLs

> By default, links to URLs outside of the app are opened using the system's browser, not loaded within the app. We do ***not*** recommend overriding the default behavior.

Reviewer: External links may also be opened in apps capable of handling them (other than the browser). Maybe something like:

```suggestion
By default, links to URLs outside of the app are opened in an appropriate external app, not loaded within the WebView. We do ***not*** recommend overriding the default behavior.
```

The user might be able to indicate that they want the URL to load in the app because it's content that they trust. In that case, see the [Untrusted and unencoded content](#untrusted-and-unencoded-content) section.

> ## Keep `BlazorWebView` (`WebView`) current in deployed apps

Reviewer: Hm, I wonder if this should be reworded to:

```suggestion
## Keep the WebView current deployed apps
```

I think readers might see "`BlazorWebView`" and interpret that as meaning our implementations of the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.WebView.*.BlazorWebView` class rather than the WebView technology itself.

> ## Keep `BlazorWebView` (`WebView`) current in deployed apps

Reviewer: Hm, I wonder if this should be reworded to:

```suggestion
## Keep the WebView current deployed apps
```

I think readers might see "`BlazorWebView`" and interpret that as meaning our implementations of the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.WebView.*.BlazorWebView` class rather than the WebView technology itself.

By default, the [`BlazorWebView`](/maui/user-interface/controls/blazorwebview) control uses the currently-installed, platform-specific native `WebView`. Since the native `WebView` is periodically updated with support for new APIs and fixes for security issues, it may be necessary to ensure that an app is using a `WebView` version that meets the app's requirements.

> To keep the `WebView` current in deployed apps, check the `WebView` version and prompt the user to take any necessary steps to update it.

Reviewer: I see "WebView" is `monospaced` everywhere in this document - does it need to be? To me, the monospacing implies that it refers to either some code concept or a specific WebView implementation. But most places in this document use "WebView" as a more general concept. Do you think we should switch to making it "WebView" rather than "`WebView`"?

Author: It was consistent with various API/UI controls, especially for consistent non-localization. I have seen it as "web view" or "Web View" with a space around the InterWebs. We can have it in text, which sounds like you prefer, as "Web View" (with a space). To avoid loc, I'll place it with our loc-avoidance marker ...

```
:::no-loc text="Web View":::
```

... but I'd like to do it everywhere else at once, so I've opened ...

 Deloc and de-fence "Web View" #25605 

... and will just focus the update for this doc at this time.

Author: Turns out that additional work wasn't needed, so I closed #25605. We only refer to `BlazorWebView` outside of a couple of Edge-specific `WebView2` remarks/cross-links.

> To keep the `WebView` current in deployed apps, check the `WebView` version and prompt the user to take any necessary steps to update it.

Reviewer: I see "WebView" is `monospaced` everywhere in this document - does it need to be? To me, the monospacing implies that it refers to either some code concept or a specific WebView implementation. But most places in this document use "WebView" as a more general concept. Do you think we should switch to making it "WebView" rather than "`WebView`"?

### iOS/Mac Catalyst

iOS and Mac Catalyst both use [`WKWebView`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/webkit/wkwebview), a Safari-based control, which is updated by the operating system. Similar to the [Android](#android) case, determine the `WebView` version by reading the `WebView`'s [`User-Agent`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/User-Agent) string.

### Windows (.NET MAUI, WPF, WinForms)

On Windows, the Chromium-based [Microsoft Edge `WebView2`](/microsoft-edge/webview2/) is required to run Blazor web apps. By default, the newest installed version of `WebView2` (known as the [Evergreen distribution](/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/distribution#details-about-the-fixed-version-runtime-distribution-mode)) is used.

<!-- AT RC2, ADD THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPH

If you wish to ship a specific version of `WebView2` with the app, use the [Fixed Version distribution mode](/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/distribution#details-about-the-fixed-version-runtime-distribution-mode).

-->

> For more information on selecting a `WebView2` distribution mode and checking the currently-installed `WebView2` version, see the [`WebView2` distribution docs](/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/distribution).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on checking the currently-installed `WebView2` version, see the [`WebView2` distribution docs](/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/distribution).
```

The removed part here is only relevant with the other additions happening at RC2.

> For more information on selecting a `WebView2` distribution mode and checking the currently-installed `WebView2` version, see the [`WebView2` distribution docs](/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/distribution).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on checking the currently-installed `WebView2` version, see the [`WebView2` distribution docs](/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/distribution).
```

The removed part here is only relevant with the other additions happening at RC2.
